README.md, before:

# A Language Creators' Conversation

Transcripts for "A Language Creators' Conversation: Guido van Rossum, James Gosling, Larry Wall &amp; Anders Hejlsberg"

* original video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csL8DLXGNlU&t=48m29s
* edited to skip 48'29" of opening remarks: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBVYn0cIlWM

The transcriptions in the `redpencil`, `otter` and `trint` folders are unedited.
The files are exactly as received or exported from the applications.


## Professional transcription

Tanscript produced by Eleanor Leonard of
[Red Pencil Transcripts LLC](http://www.redpenciltranscripts.com/),
hired by Luciano Ramalho.

Timestamps for this transcript follow the [original video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csL8DLXGNlU&t=48m29s), starting at 48'29".

* received Word document: [`redpencil/language-creators.docx`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/redpencil/language-creators.docx)
* plain text (from `.docx`): [`redpencil/language-creators.txt`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/redpencil/language-creators.txt)


## Automatic transcriptions

Timestamps for these transcripts follow the [edited video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBVYn0cIlWM)

### By [Otter.ai](https://otter.ai/)

* plain text: [`otter/language-creators.txt`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/otter/language-creators.txt)

### By [Trint](https://trint.com/)

* Word document: [`trint/language-creators.docx`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/trint/language-creators.docx)
* plain text (from `.docx`): [`trint/language-creators.txt`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/trint/language-creators.txt)
* full transcript: [`trint/language-creators.csv`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/trint/language-creators.csv)
* SubRip universal subtitles: [`trint/language-creators.srt`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/trint/language-creators.srt)
* Subtitles for HTML players: [`trint/language-creators.vtt`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/trint/language-creators.vtt)

Commit message:

added link to NYT story

README.md, after:

# A Language Creators' Conversation

Transcripts for "A Language Creators' Conversation: Guido van Rossum, James Gosling, Larry Wall &amp; Anders Hejlsberg"

* original video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csL8DLXGNlU&t=48m29s
* edited to skip 48'29" of opening remarks: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBVYn0cIlWM

The transcriptions in the `redpencil`, `otter` and `trint` folders are unedited.
The files are exactly as received or exported from the applications.


## Professional transcription

Tanscript produced by Ellie Leonard of
[Red Pencil Transcripts LLC](http://www.redpenciltranscripts.com/),
hired by Luciano Ramalho.

Timestamps for this transcript follow the [original video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csL8DLXGNlU&t=48m29s), starting at 48'29".

* received Word document: [`redpencil/language-creators.docx`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/redpencil/language-creators.docx)
* plain text (from `.docx`): [`redpencil/language-creators.txt`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/redpencil/language-creators.txt)


## Automatic transcriptions

Timestamps for these transcripts follow the [edited video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBVYn0cIlWM)

### By [Otter.ai](https://otter.ai/)

* plain text: [`otter/language-creators.txt`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/otter/language-creators.txt)

### By [Trint](https://trint.com/)

* Word document: [`trint/language-creators.docx`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/trint/language-creators.docx)
* plain text (from `.docx`): [`trint/language-creators.txt`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/trint/language-creators.txt)
* full transcript: [`trint/language-creators.csv`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/trint/language-creators.csv)
* SubRip universal subtitles: [`trint/language-creators.srt`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/trint/language-creators.srt)
* Subtitles for HTML players: [`trint/language-creators.vtt`](https://github.com/standupdev/language-creators/blob/master/trint/language-creators.vtt)


## Reference




_New York Times_ story where I learned about Ellie Leonard, Otter.ai, and Trint.com:

> [**In the Battle Against the Machines, She’s Holding Her Ground**](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/08/technology/ai-transcription-human-services.html): Ellie Leonard’s transcription business has thrived, despite the arrival of automated services and advancing A.I. technology.
